# Andre Deutmeyer // [github.com/dremonkey](http://github.com/dremonkey)

#### *Berkeley, CA* *(415) 963-2437* *[a.deutmeyer@gmail.com](mailto:a.deutmeyer@gmail.com)* *[linkedin.com/in/andredeutmeyer](http://linkedin.com/in/andredeutmeyer)* *[scriptedbits.com](http://scriptedbits.com)*


## Technical

|                     |                     |
| ------------------- | ------------------- |
| ** Strong **        | Javascript, NodeJS, ExpressJS, AngularJS, BackboneJS, Famo.us, Jquery, Wordpress, PHP, HTML, SASS/LESS/CSS |
| ** Knowledgable **  | Coffeescript, Python, Java/Android, Neo4J, MongoDB/Mongoose, MySQL, Memcache, Apache, GIT, Azure, AWS, Heroku, Linux, Unix, bash |


## Software Engineering Experience

### Famo.us **Software Engineering Contractor** *2014*

- Developed Enka, a cross-platform web and mobile puzzle game, using the ```Famo.us``` Javascript framework.
- Implemented game logic, designed 100 levels by utilizing a progressive difficulty algorithm, and built the frontend user interface and hardware accelerated animations utilizing ```Famo.us```.
- Enabled presistent user data storage for game progress using ```IndexedDB``` and the Parse API.

### Angelink **Software Engineer** *2014*

- Built [angelink.co](http://angelink.co), a job recommendation application for exploring startup opportunities.
- Architected and built a RESTful API using ```Node/ExpressJS```, Swagger, and a ```Neo4J``` graph database responsible for providing data to a single page client side app developed on ```AngularJS```, ```D3JS```, ```HTML/CSS3/```, and ```SASS```.

### Simpoll **Software Engineer** *2014*

- In 36 hours, built an easy to use geo-filtered live polling application using ```Node/ExpressJS```, ```Socket.io```, and a ```MongoDB``` database to provide realtime data to an ```AngularJS```, ```HTML/CSS3```, and ```SASS``` client side application.

### Enswers **Director of Product Development** *2012-2014*

- Developed demo apps using ```AngularJS``` and ```HTML/CSS3``` running on a ```NodeJS``` static server for the sales team.
- Managed a team of engineers working on a data analytics application for a stealth Direct Response Ad startup.
- Consulted with Samsung America (SISA) and other clients to define product features, user stories, technical specifications, and documentation to be shared with our engineering team.

### Enswers **Software Engineer and Project Manager** *2010-2012*

- Migrated [soompi.com](http://soompi.com) from ```Kohana``` to ```Wordpress```, and expanded it into a content network spanning 4 languages.
- Scaled [soompi.com](http://soompi.com) as traffic increased ~50% to 4.5 million uniques and 30 million pageviews per month.
- Developed custom Wordpress themes and plugins for the editorial, advertising, and partnership team.

### Nomad Connection **Software Engineer and Product Lead** *2009-2010*

- Conceptualized and developed [Zimly](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nomad.zimly), an Android app with 500,000+ installs and a 4 star rating.
- Designed and built a supporting website at [zim.ly](http://zim.ly) to help market the application.
- Pitched Zimly to VCs and executives at the invitation only event [Geeks on a Plane Seoul](http://geeksonaplane.com/destinations/2010-destinations/seoul/).


## Additional Experience

### Chungdahm Learning **Teacher** *2007-2009*

- Taught essay writing, critical thinking, mock trial, debate, and set up a Wordpress blog network for my students.

### Apogee Search **SEO Consultant** *2006-2007*

- Consulted with clients to define strategies used to improve their SEO ranking and SEM conversion rate.


## Education

### Hack Reactor **_Advanced Software Engineering - Immersive_** *2014*

### University of Texas at Austin **_BA in Plan II, Government, Asian Studies_** *2002-2007*