# Andre Deutmeyer

> Berkeley, CA
> +1 (415) 963-2437
> [a.deutmeyer@gmail.com](a.deutmeyer@gmail.com)
> [github.com/dremonkey](github.com/dremonkey)
> [linkedin.com/in/andredeutmeyer](linkedin.com/in/andredeutmeyer)
> [scriptedbits.com](scriptedbits.com)

------

## Technical {#technical}

- **Strong:** Javascript, NodeJS/ExpressJS, AngularJS, BackboneJS, Jquery, PHP, Wordpress, HTML/CSS/SASS
- **Experienced:** Neo4J, MongoDB, MySQL, GIT

------

## Experience {#experience}

### Relay - Full Stack Engineer
*2014*

- Built a job recommendation application for people searching for work at startups
- Architected system with LinkedIn OAuth, NodeJS/Express, Swagger, and a Neo4J database providing content via a RESTful API to the frontend.
- Designed and implemented an intuitive UI using AngularJS, HTML/CSS3, and SASS.

### Simpoll - Full Stack Engineer
*2014*

- Built an easy to use geo filtered live polling application
- Architected system with NodeJS/Express and Socket.io providing content via a RESTful API to the frontend.
- Designed and implemented an intuitive UI using AngularJS, HTML/CSS3, and SASS.

### Korea Telecom/Enswers - Director of Product Development
*2012-2014*

- Developed demo applications for potential clients in AngularJS and HTML/CSS3 running on a simple NodeJS static server.
- Coordinated with clients to define product features, user stories, technical specifications, and documentation to be shared with our engineering team.
- Managed a team of engineers working on an analytics application for a stealth startup with decades of experience in the Direct Response Advertising space.
- Served as technical liason with Samsung America.
- Responsible for the stateside expansion of Enswers Inc, which was acquired by Korea Telecom in 2012.

### Enswers - Full Stack Engineer and Project Manager
*2010-2012*

- Migrated [soompi.com](Soompi) codebase from Kohana to Wordpress.
- Developed 3 additional sites for Soompi as it expanded into a network of sites spanning 4 languages
- Scaled Soompi as traffic increased nearly 50% to 4.5 million uniques and 30 million pageviews per month.

### Nomad Connection - Developer and Product Lead
*2009-2010*

- Conceptualized, designed, and developed Zimly, an Android app, along with a supporting website. 
- Grew Zimly so that within 6 months it had been installed by over 250,000 users, with a 4 star rating.

### Chungdahm Learning - Teacher

- Taught reading comprehension, essay writing, public speaking, critical thinking, mock trial, and debate.
- Created a Wordpress blog network for my students to introduce them to blogging and extend the educational experience outside the classroom

### Apogee Search - SEO Consultant
*2006-2007*

- Created marketing material and consulted with local businesses explaining the importance of SEO/SEM and how to improve their website ranking


------

## Education {#education}

### University of Texas at Austin
*2002-2007*

- Majors: BA in Plan II, Government, Asian Studies

------

## Personal {#personal}

